You love him very much.
It's a very small window.
You're a very interesting person.
The phone woke me up, even though it wasn't very loud.
And I will be for a very long time.
His eyes twinkled with the very devil.
This thing happens to be very important to me.
Alex knew very well what he wanted.
For some reason, he experienced a very realistic vision.
He's very protective of his family.
Cade was actually kissing her - and very well.
But they've been very scarce for a few years and we usually have to be content with elephants or buffaloes, answered the creature, in a regretful tone.
You don't seem to be very happy.
They rode slowly, and talked and laughed and were very jolly.
From that vantage point, if you had tried to look fifty years ahead to what the world would be like in the year 2500 BC, you would have expected very little change.
Actually, she knew very little about the man with whom she had promised to spend the summer.
He got down from his horse and very gently took the little ones up in his big warm hands.
There is no hieroglyph for the word "progress" because the very idea of progress didn't exist.
"Light! give me light!" was the wordless cry of my soul, and the light of love shone on me in that very hour.
All cuddled down together and were very happy.
He can do several very wonderful things--if he knows how.
They would probably be leaving very soon and anything she could do to hurry the process meant they would get to Ashley sooner.
"Very clever," said the Wizard, nodding his head as if pleased.
But this sawhorse can trot as fast as you can, Jim; and he's very wise, too.
But, except for these fleeting memories, if, indeed, they be memories, it all seems very unreal, like a nightmare.
It was all working out very well for him.
You know Martha; she doesn't do no very well.
"Very," said the dragonette, snapping its jaws.
Dropping off home-cooked meals was a very nice gesture.
You weren't very receptive last time.
Her father is very rich and stingy.
Her make-up, though she used very little, and a couple of bathing suits.
Alex divided his attention between a very attentive Destiny and a reserved Carmen.
"Very true," declared the Wizard, nodding at her.
We're very happy together.
"That must be very interesting," said Dessalles.
Then a little man jumped out of the basket, took off his tall hat, and bowed very gracefully to the crowd of Mangaboos around him.
Both were very small.
Everyone moved slowly and it was very dusty.
I suppose I'm simply not very ambitious.
Doesn't look very sinister, does it?
I said I wasn't a very good dancing partner.
"He will sprout very soon," said the Prince, "and grow into a large bush, from which we shall in time be able to pick several very good sorcerers."
Her words puzzled me very much because I did not then understand anything unless I touched it.
The greater part of what my neighbors call good I believe in my soul to be bad, and if I repent of anything, it is very likely to be my good behavior.
You have a very pretty neck.
Quinn's experiment is very important to him.
Sometimes he has trouble sleeping and it takes very little noise to wake him.
The shed at Hugson's Siding was bare save for an old wooden bench, and did not look very inviting.
Very. I'm so glad we have you and Jonathan.
I guess I wasn't very polite, making a face like that.
I guess my life isn't very interesting to other people, but Alex and I like the way we live.
That didn't sound very nice.
I'm not very good at that anyway.
I promise to drop in and see you the very next time I'm up this way.
Tammy could have been born when he was very young.
Yet Yancey had been frightened at the very thought of it.
I looked up Andy Gordon and found lots of pictures of his paintings, but no pictures of him, and very little information about him.
The environment in the Arctic Circle is very hostile.
I guess I'm not a very good judge of character.
Could it be that his stoic personality was the very thing that kept her interest perked?
"It didn't sound very wild to me," Quinn said.
Granted, what we accomplished was monumental, but coming across a similar situation and duplicating what we were able to do might not occur very often.
Our last session on the day ended on a sad note that was very distressing to Howie.
I'm saddened I can't keep her with me very long.
He's very grateful you rescued his grandson.
I am a very wealthy man.
That's very good, Brenda.
He took a very deep breath.
He wasn't very sociable.
Betsy was very apologetic, in the nicest way, once we were snuggled in the privacy of our bed.
It must have been Molly; knowing her very life, was in my hands.
"It's a, uh, very different world," Bianca said.
Shivering, she couldn't help thinking something was very wrong.
He has been very assertive and direct.
You and I are very different.
Ten minutes later, Lydia Larkin answered her door dressed in very tight and very small white shorts with a red elastic thing that covered only her breasts and nothing of the acres of skin in the middle.
You're a very kind man.
We don't talk about those years very much—my life before I met you.
Better than I have been in a very long time.
They saw a landscape with mountains and plains, lakes and rivers, very like those upon the earth's surface; but all the scene was splendidly colored by the variegated lights from the six suns.
"Very good," remarked the Wizard.
"It doesn't look very homelike," said Dorothy, gazing around at the bare room.
"Very good," said the Wizard; "we can all yell better than we can fight, so we ought to defeat the Gargoyles."
Mortals who stand upon the earth and look up at the sky cannot often distinguish these forms, but our friends were now so near to the clouds that they observed the dainty fairies very clearly.
If you behave, and don't scare the little pigs, I'm sure they'll grow very fond of you.
These were very numerous, for the place was thickly inhabited, and a large group of the queer people clustered near, gazing sharply upon the strangers who had emerged from the long spiral stairway.
The Gargoyles were very small of stature, being less than three feet in height.
Very little would change in this seventy-year stretch of life.
He is very busy with Tessa tonight, do you think?
I'm afraid I wasn't very sympathetic, though.
"I... I'm not a very good dancing partner," she lied.
The very next day she was straining over the counter to reach behind the stove when Cade came into the kitchen.
If you knew Mr. Cade nearly as well as you think you do, you would know that he is actually very sensitive.
I'm right on the money, both time and location, for very recent settings.
"Very funny," the clerk said as he shook Dean's hand and hand­ed him a key.
She felt very alone as she realized his plotting was not the result of a few months of planning but the maneuvers of a calculating, patient man.
He is really dead now, and will wither very quickly.
The words of the cold and moist vegetable Prince were not very comforting, and as he spoke them he turned away and left the enclosure.
"You were very greedy," said the girl.
"Don't be rough!" he would call out, if Eureka knocked over one of the round, fat piglets with her paw; but the pigs never minded, and enjoyed the sport very greatly.
Several minutes were consumed in silent admiration before they noticed two very singular and unusual facts about this valley.
But their bodies don't seem very big.
"No?" drawled the dragonette; "it seems to me very babyish."
At first, when my teacher told me about a new thing I asked very few questions.
He's offered to help and I believe he could be very useful.
All five of us would be employed in various capacities at very generous salaries.
"Either money or he must be very close to this Bryce guy," She turned to Howie.
I don't understand what all you do, but he takes it very seriously.
Somewhere there was a very shocked psychiatrist, with a million dollar client.
"Julie did very well," Howie offered, speaking for the first time.
This invader was very cautious and avoided much of our security.
My property is isolated and very quiet.
He blurted out this information after the very first ring.
I know for a fact they've talked to the tip line people and didn't get very far but who knows if they're tapping the line.
I know they have a very good detective on the payroll.
Watch yourself; you're public and he might very well target you or your people.
Julie, this situation is making me very uncomfortable.
Unlike me, Betsy was very familiar with the house having spent much time with Martha and Claire.
Howie is a very good guy who helps catch the bad ones.
From the very first time we did this, all the emotions were as mixed up as my grandmother's soup.
His mother was very ill and she recently passed away.
I'm sure whoever did it, was feeling very conflicted about now.
That the power hasn't been off very long.
I've found four unsolved abductions over a six year period that look very close to his work.
I was getting very good at evading the truth without actually lying.
He may be a very bad man but we won't know until we have a friend of ours check the license plate.
"You're very forgiving," I told my wife.
She didn't mean anything by it and she loves you, just not in that way and she was very drunk.
His parent's actions seem very vengeful and an overreaction for what he did.
Even if they did, I can't see them telling him very much.
Our people feel he's been very active since then.
Yes, I realize it's very early but this is an emergency.
I gave the fool very clear directions, not to here but a highway pull off fairly close by.
I can't afford to have my van exposed for very long.
You have a very special gift.
"Very impressive," the stranger said, kneeling beside her to look at both of her arms.
At the very least, Dusty hoped Darian grew out of the terrible twos.
Mine is a very brutal world, he said.
There was something very different about this woman, and it was more than the feel of her energy flowing through him.
"That will be a very useful skill," Sofi whispered and withdrew.
She shuddered to her core at the evil peering through his gaze, feeling very much like the devil was offering her a deal without telling her the price.
He replaced his weapons and washed his face, feeling very much like this was to be his last day alive.
"Very hard when I'm there and you're here," he said with forced lightness.
Part of her wanted to return to her home that very night, and another part of her feared what she'd find if she did.
You fight very well.
If he hadn't chosen to become a vamp, he'd be a very useful Guardian.
"Very, very good," he said, an odd glow in his eyes as he gazed at the place where the plate had been.
"It's very real," he said.
After a lifetime of rejection, she'd found a home with the very people her father warned her against.
The words were the first sign of something very, very wrong.
You'll finish transforming soon and will be like a human, just with a very, very long and extended life.
He was always right, even when he told her to ask Damian something he knew very well.
"Very well, ikira," he said with his usual stoicism.
Yes, and it's very relaxing.
It's very important you don't drink that juice ever again.
She stood before the window, feeling very much like a prisoner in her new world.
Miles away, Sofia couldn't shake the feeling that something was very wrong with Damian.
"Very nice," Linda said, picking it up.
A very bad time.
"No. Even in human time, his suffering will be short but it will be very bad for him until it ends," the Watcher replied.
A reason why she was the only light in a very dark place.
"Very well," he said reluctantly.
Martha, whose stay with them was at first a simple good deed, then a delight and now so very much more.
You're a sweet kid—the very best—and we care for you.
I snuck out to a place where I was told not to go—a very dangerous place.
You're leaving to see your mother—Patsy—and I know that's very upsetting.
He forced calmness into his voice as the thought of a wayward body resurrected very unpleasant memories.
You two got along very well.
"You're a very brave little girl," Cynthia sighed, "even if what you did was foolish."
That was his way—his responsibility— teaching me a very important lesson.
That doesn't sound very nice.
Those were taken on a very clear day, in the late afternoon sun.
"Look," Dean said, "I don't want to violate any rules, but this little girl was in our care up until a couple of days ago and we're very interested in her welfare.
It doesn't seem as if we're taking this business of getting you elected very seriously.
Only a little kid could think that was real, and not a very smart little kid at that.
Martha was very emphatic about what she saw.
The very thought of crawling into a dark hole in the ground caused shivers of ice on the back of his neck.
Bumpin' Bertha here doesn't make very good time but she's been getting the job done for a lot of years.
Another woman, a very tall blond, stood a few paces back, a smile on her face, watching the old man.
"It's very small," adding, "maybe a little finger or a ring finger.
It wouldn't be very smart to leave the body in your own mine property.
At the very least, keep them away from the car keys—and teach responsible sex.
You're not very good at following someone.
She was nearly as tall as he, a natural blonde or the customer of a very good beautician.
The boys don't seem to like you very much either.
Probably because I never tried very hard to be otherwise.
A very mature eighteen-year-old, maybe.
It sounds as if your marriage was very happy.
It's just a very frustrating situation.
"It sounds as if you were very fortunate in your choice of a husband," Dean said honestly, but he noted she'd failed to answer his earlier question.
Thoughts raced through his mind of another crash, when Bird Song's very first guest had met a similar fate—but on a traveled highway, not a remote Jeep road deep in the San Juans.
She added, "He was very helpful."
Up at the end of the Dexter Creek road—left at the fork, at the very end.
I honestly don't know, but by the sound of her voice, she's very upset.
But don't worry, she's too stupid to get away very long.
He's a very vindictive man.
I can't say I like Lydia very much but I'd hate to see him hurt her.
Paul— my husband—knew this from the very start.
He didn't go very far.
If he was an innocent prospective purchaser, he might very well reply.
Remaining quiet about Lydia's prior night's involvement with Fitzgerald was looking like a very poor decision.
You don't sound very broken up about it.
He was very agitated, but I don't think he meant to harm us.
While the autopsy questioned the day-old curious knife wound in his backside, it was assumed he'd stupidly sat on a very sharp object.
He acted very irrationally about the entire business.
"Very well," she said at last.
Deidre stopped in the middle of the sidewalk, feeling very exposed to the blaring world.
She straightened and very carefully folded the sweater before placing it with similar care into the bag.
"Very," she said emphatically.
You do seem very …different from the other night when we talked.
It didn't matter that he'd been sentenced to Hell by the very people he was now charged with protecting.
Maybe. We haven't been able to collect souls for very long.
Though she couldn't recall the thousand-year process it took to reach this very place, she knew the end results.
This very building was the one Gabriel dived off of in an attempt to keep the terrified human from trying to kill herself.
The Deidre he spent the night with and the Deidre who went to see Darkyn four days ago were very different.
There was very little she wouldn't tackle – including things she shouldn't.
She volunteered very little and acted uneasy when asked, so they simply let it drop.
It might drive him to the very arms she was trying to slap away from him.
He's a Spanish gentleman, very distinguished looking.
Maybe they don't get along very well.
Only his eyes gave any indication of emotion – and that not very much.
She wasn't very convincing.
This is very good.
I am very sorry, Deidre.
Those rules are very few.
Very much so, especially when you consider she stole your heart not once but twice.
Darkyn is very powerful.
"Two very separate issues," she said, pensive.
With her very own soul?
"Very good taste," he said, taking in the house.
She felt very alone, exposed, standing before him.
Very honorable of you to give her a choice of being with you after how she treated you all those years.
This is a game your predecessor played very well.
Very. I can tell but it takes men longer to figure out that stuff.
Gabriel, what made you hate your predecessor also made her very good at what she did.
You've taken the first step on a very long path.
You will live a very long life.
With your deal with Darkyn complete, you'll live a very long life.
Very little surprised him, but the death dealer's question did.
Katie's mouth dropped open, and she began to realize something was very, very wrong.
Some very bad people know who you are now.
Katie, I need to talk to you about something very serious.
There was something very different about the human's blood, like comparing warm, homemade bread with stale crumbs out of the garbage.
"Very nice talent," he said.
The Ancients are very rare.
She landed on her knees, horrified yet knowing something was very wrong.
"Very well," Kris relented.
She knew very little of Hannah's friends, except they were all richer than sin.
His gaze lifted, and he recalled vividly the last time he.d seen his parents in this very spot, when they were cut down by bloodthirsty demons during the only period in Immortal history when demons attacked humans.
At barely above her height and slender, the mad scientist was very unlike the Immortal warriors that filled the castle.
But if I choose Rhyn and you come back for me tomorrow, it doesn.t seem very fair to him.
I believe I could be very comfortable living here.
"Very well," Kiki said.
Only a very few of them can assume the form of another human.
It was a very good thing for you to do.
She'd never dated a man half as handsome, annoying, or caring as Romas, and she expected there were very few men like him to go around.
At the very least, you'll still come for a week?
"It's very nice of you," she said with an unladylike snort that made him grimace.
A very unpleasant one.
She sat very still on the dark grey bed, her legs folded and hands in her lap, and stared at Evelyn.
The cats … they're domesticated and really very nice.
Kiera squeezed her back, feeling very, very lost.
They seemed to be moving very slowly for being on a spaceship, she mused.
It sounded very much like Evelyn was trying to tell her Romas could marry her off at his will when he pleased.
He wore a rose gold bracelet very similar to Romas's in all but color, and soft, dark boots.
His family has been very understanding.
So then you'll be very happy.
Yet home was a very long way away, which meant she needed to go home on a spaceship.
Evelyn was splendidly dressed in blues and greens, her elegant shape clad in a very earthly, off the shoulder dress.
It had been a very, very long time since any man had held her.
Having been raised as rivals in all areas, A'Ran took a very unwarrior-like satisfaction out of having bested Kisolm finally.
She was very unlike the women of his society.
She appeared to be telling a story, and not a very good one based on the angry shade to her features.
My brother says your home is very different, that we need to teach you everything.
"Very, very far," Kiera responded.
She didn't understand the rules of this world well enough to know if she were jumping the gun, but what she heard made her very uncomfortable.
That seems to be a very harsh way of regarding your sisters' future happiness.
It's a very interesting game, though I don't understand how it works exactly.
My world is very different, she said, brow furrowing.
He raised an eyebrow, his chin lifting in what she recognized as a look very close to commanding.
It was very unlike his friend and second-in-command to allow his control to slip in such a drastic way.
This … game, you do very well at it.
Her world is very different, uncle.
He suspected the Council members knew more and that this night of relative peace was the last he would know for a very long time.
Jetr was quiet for a long moment before he said, "Very well."
It was a very vivid dream.
"Very uninteresting dribble," Dean grumbled.
The bed's very comfortable.
Her comments brought to mind the death of Bird Song's very first guest and the strange events that followed.
Her sister in Boston wasn't very talkative.
In the top seam, faded but legible, was written Annie in very small print.
You're very kind but we'll just leave in the morning.
At the very least, perhaps they might be able to direct her to the help she so obviously needed.
It was very traumatic for Donnie and he hasn't spoken since.
She wore those half-stockings that were supposed to be hidden by something far longer than what covered her pudgy legs, which were streaked with the stark blue of veins looking like a map of a very congested and curvy area.
Sounds like you maybe didn't like Mr. Jerome Shipton very much.
But he was standing very close to her.
We both like you very much.
"He's a very intelligent boy," Dean answered.
When I was your age, I didn't think I was very smart, but I had a father who honestly thought I was the greatest, smartest, nicest kid alive.
And, I guess this guy Shipton is abusive, and doesn't take rejection very well.
I don't imagine it was so very difficult.
Donnie Ryland is a very intelligent young boy, with a disability.
It's very romantic, even if the language is a bit stilted.
"Well, we can't very well go searching her room for it," Cynthia answered.
He tried to get her to seek a court order against Shipton if she was in fear of him, or, at the very least talk to an attorney.
She seemed bewildered with her surroundings and very weak.
"Very interesting," she replied.
She is very well educated.
There was lots of stuff about the 'soiled doves' but not very many full names.
This was a very romantic story.
Life for Annie must have been very exciting indeed!
You're very perceptive, Effie.
I haven't seen it but I know she wanted it very badly.
He wants to save the few bucks the whore house charges and have her for his very own.
She was obviously a very intelligent young lady.
But I loved her very much and trusted her judgment.
Boston seems so long ago, and so very far away.
It's your inn and you've been very kind to all of us.
"I'm not very good for anything else around here," she muttered.
"Remember our very first dinner together?" he asked.
There is only this beauty they can see from the cushions of their sleigh, these very same mountains, the valley, and especially each other.
"It sounds like sin was a very big business," Cynthia offered as she stirred a pot of fish chowder.
He's a very bright boy.
Somehow, I can't see my fiancée Franny relating very well to Edith Shipton.
Liquor was something Cynthia used infrequently and not very well.
Poor Donnie looked very uncomfortable.
She'd like to kill the...she used a term very uncommon to her usual vocabulary.
It would be a very long day and night.
From the very beginning there had been an intensity, a seriousness to the falling flakes that spoke of accumulations far in excess of anything the Deans had seen to date.
I just drove two hundred very nasty miles and I'm going to bed.
That doesn't sound very smart on your part, taking on a guy with a tool like that in his hand.
Your very good friend Sheriff Weller is busy chasing speeders and bike-nappers.
Dean had pondered that very question during his sheep-counting hours the prior night.
I took the ring you gave me and I too scratched that identical message on my bedroom window, the very same room where you and I have stolen our few hours together.
Believe in your heart forever how very much I loved you.
"Ryland seems to be very cautious," Dean offered.
Edith is a very manipulative woman.
He's a nice little boy, a bit immature, but very intelligent.
Maybe Jerome Shipton has never forgiven both of them or, at the very least, that's how Donnie reads it.
Cynthia didn't press him on the point but continued to act very nervous.
Edith Shipton was a very troubled woman, from the first time she stepped into Bird Song.
Annie was a very sad and troubled woman, Donnie.
Ryland added, The doctor was very surprised how unaffected Donnie appeared after we described his dysfunctional family environment.
He did say that something as serious as Donnie's stepbrother's death would have been very traumatic to a child.
"More importantly," Fred asked, "If Edith never knew Annie committed suicide, how did she just happen to hang herself the very same way?"
She may have been more realistic about Annie's life, but she is very protective of sister Claire.
The very thought stunned him.
It seems to me, that Edith had a very rapid mood change from flaunting her nakedness in front of Claire to...killing herself, practically minutes later.
Edith Shipton was, first and foremost, a very manipulative and self-centered woman who had a love-hate relationship with every man she ever met.
He's just forming words and sounds but the doctor is very encouraged.
Edith cut my rope but she didn't do a very good job, did she?
Of course she didn't do a very good job with anything in life.
But remember, he never acted very love-sick, did he?
She was a very obsessive woman too, a far different person than we were all led to believe.
But we do know Edith did do some very calculated things.
Actually, quite beautiful, and very cultured, old money, CEO of some company or other, blah, blah, blah.
He was very much in the mood for a fun, air headed bimbo after all the drama today, but that would be near impossible.
Very good, what size?
I'm not very good with numbers.
There is nothing I would rather do than stay here enjoying you until the sun comes up, but I have something very important to do and it can't wait.
We realized very quickly we had made a grave mistake, and I don't even like to think about it.
You are a very naughty girl.
Beauties like Gams don't come around very often.
The truth is I am very attracted to you and I thought you shared that attraction.
I'm sure you don't have to deal with rejection very often.
She's very classy and beautiful.
No, no it's very good here.
Oh, I'm not a very good dancer.
She said, "Thank you, I enjoyed tonight very much."
Sarah heard the piano playing very softly as she started down the stairs to make breakfast,.
Jackson had hoped to make plans with Elisabeth, but he couldn't very well ask her over and say, "Don't mind the steel shutters on all the windows."
You are very skilled at avoidance, you know.
He couldn't very well say, 'I really am that pig you pegged me for, just trying to hide it from you, babe'.
"You have very interesting features," she said, with her eyes at half-mast.
Let me see if I can make sense of this for you… I have been fighting very hard to keep my feelings in check so as not to scare you away.
That is very noble of you.
There is a very good reason for that.
Very much, but like you, she doesn't know how to act.
I wasn't thinking very clearly.
You know, Sarah was very kind to me.
She had selected "Pie Jesu" from Faure's Requiem, vocally, a very difficult piece.
Very sweet, just like you.
That is very gracious of you Samantha, but completely unnecessary.
You are a very naughty witch.
You know, Liz and I have been friends for a very long time.
You're very good at handling her, thank you.
Clothes don't fare very well through the transformation.
Elisabeth sighed, "Jackson behaved very irresponsibly and he is lucky to be sitting here today."
You know, I can't help thinking, if you were human, I would be going through the very hell Sarah is experiencing right now.
Fine, they were very understanding, said to take all the time I need.
I'm very proud of him.
So are you, just very slowly.
Werewolves age very quickly until puberty, then the process slows exponentially.
When the couple returned, they heard the music, and Sarah said, "He's not taking this very well, is he?"
You know that is a very real possibility.
You are very tired and want to go to bed.
That is a very good question.
Some songs are very personal for us and we choose not to share them with anyone.
Whoa, that's not very ladylike.
They were simply very tall – all well over six feet.
Now there was a thought - not a very nice one, either.
You were one very sick girl.
He's very special to you, isn't he?
A very good job.
He quirked a brow, and the dark eyes twinkled with the very devil.
Yes, but I don't think Penny is going to be a very good milk goat.
This very moment she would choose Alex - but what about twenty years from now, when it was too late to have children?
I'm not very good.
"He has been very erratic lately," she agreed.
You have to admit that seven of ten marriages ending in divorce is not a very promising statistic.
"Very well," she said.
"Very well," she replied.
If nothing else, she wanted to correct him about the Peak, to tell him she'd thought she'd been saving everyone on the mountain by taking the very keypads that might kill them in the hands of a traitor.
They were just normal events of his world, a world very unlike her own.
"Very slowly," Brady hissed through clenched teeth.
The feds weren't very forthcoming with that information.
She knew nothing of the military regulars aside from the very few she'd met.
"Very well, thanks," Kelli said with a warm smile.
It was very good of you.
"Very well," he said at last.
"Very well, Gabriel," she said.
It didn't work very well.
Kris watched him for any telltale signs he was a demon.  So far, every move was very Kiki.
Rhyn moved to the door leading to the block, unable to help the small tremble of his hand.  Not only had he spent too long in this very place, he'd seen Katie hurt here and barely escaped alive with her.
Toby was wrestling with a bush and didn't respond.  Katie breathed deeply and pushed forward, wanting very much to stop and sleep but suspecting she'd never awaken if she did.  She didn't have enough food cubes to drive off more than one more demon attack.  They'd have to find Rhyn and Gabe fast.
"Dinner was very good," I said later as I helped to clean up.
At the very least, it was the only thing that might someday lead me to my family.
It looks very old.
Cynthia Byrne, in spite of reddened eyes and trembling nervousness, was a very attractive woman.
'I don't do the death bit very well,' he said.
He's usu­ally very predictable but he surprises everyone once in a while with something totally off the wall.
Jeff is very moral.
I handled the checkbook from the very first.
But not very good, I guess.
Even though some of the destinations might have been more effi­ciently visited by plane, Byrne always took a company car, often resulting in very long workdays.
Both recognized from the very start that aside from sex, they had absolutely nothing in common.
He wondered about the last time she and her husband had made love, never knowing it would be the very last, ever.
He responded, with just a hint of reluctance, thinking of the 5:00 alarm call, very few hours away.
The passenger, skinny and much younger, had a facial tic that was very noticeable after he pushed back his hat and looked slowly at Dean who, in turn, continued to smile his silly smile.
Have you fellows known ol' Vinnie very long?
Dean stepped back further, the smile fading from his face as the two men drove away at a very sedate pace.
The very presence of the opposite sex turned him to a totally different person, a regular lady-killer.
That's very generous of Mr. O'Connor.
Mr. Mayer has been very kind.
I don't know if she can help very much but she may be able to steer you in the right direction.
In any event, they remained as they always had been, the very best of friends.
A very tall, per­fectly proportioned black man, looking like the front page of a fashion magazine, smiled and held out his hand.
If the boys sent Alfred Nota looking for him, they want this guy very badly.
You're also very perceptive.
Jonathan Winston never flinched and his smile remained in place as he moved very close to Vinnie, nearly touching him.
She seems like a very nice woman.
She was very helpful.
Thank you very much.
Dean expected a spirited argument at the very least, but tomorrow was Wednesday, Atlantic City day, and Fred needed a good night's sleep.
Neither slept very well that night, and Dean was awake before the alarm, up fixing the morn­ing coffee.
"I plan to remedy the empty stomach very soon," she said, studying the menu.
"One doesn't do it very often," came the reply.
"In the movies that would be considered a very"—she annunciated each syllable—"pro-voc-a-tive line."
Dean didn't go into any detail explaining why he had not gone to the Norfolk Police Station the prior evening—he just mumbled that he had a very distraught widow on his hands.
Dean grabbed his coat, glad to be doing something that took his mind off Vinnie Baratto, Arthur Atherton and the fact he and Cynthia Byrne were items of interest to some very nasty people.
Arthur looked very uncomfortable but his voice didn't disguise his annoyance.
He wasn't in Scranton very often and the papers would pile up.
Neither slept very well.
"She thought very highly of your husband," Dean said.
You are impossible and very sort of drunk.
She comes across like a tough gal but she's really very sweet.
He added, "Very much."
Perhaps it was just Dean's unsatisfied Thursday night urge for female companionship, but he found he wanted very badly to see Cynthia Byrne.
"I ain't got no money," Dean said, trying to sound frightened, which somehow came very easily.
His mind was awhirl with the pending confronta­tion, not to mention the magazine article with one more arrow pointing toward bicycling, the motor home, a trip west, the Rocky Mountains and Jeffrey Byrne, all rolled into one very plausible package.
I know this must be a shock and I'm sorry but you can be a very rich woman.
As Dean entered the house, Sherlock Holmes was lecturing Watson in a voice sounding very much like Basil Rathbone while a radio across the room was play­ing soft music.
She didn't take it very well.
Dean figured he was in very big trouble.
But fair warning—I'm hitting a very fast pace.
Fred took another bite of apple pie and said very slowly, I've still been wondering if that friend of his—the Corbin fellow—is the same one that's married to my niece's daughter.
Dean flipped off the flashlight just as he caught sight of two very attractive breasts.
Jeffrey Byrne spent very little time there—far too few hours to accomplish all of that business.
Katie raised a dark brow, her eyes twinkling with the very devil.
"You held up very well," he said.
You're being very smart about this, Jonny.
"The life of a god and a servant were very different," she replied.
He knelt and then hunched to see the names at the very bottom of the small obelisk.
You will have some very difficult choices soon, she said.
Every other path ends very badly.
Mortals will age faster in the immortal world and immortals age very, very slowly in the mortal world.
The Grey God existed for a very short time, and he was supposed to balance out the two worlds.
So you mean I wasn't the very last person to know?
It destroys you over the course of a very, very long time!
Before the moment when she saw the book, she hadn't wanted to connect the spectral figure of her mind with the very real man before her.
You are either a liar or very good!
"Very good," he said without hesitation.
This is a very important day.
She leaned forward restlessly, seeking to recall what little he had taught her of strategy and why it looked very much like her kingdom was already doomed.
She shifted until there was a table between them, feeling very much like a cornered rabbit.
"I'm very sorry we're enemies, Taran," she said in a hollow tone.
"I can be very convincing," she said with a small smile.
"Very well," he agreed.